In assigning a rating to each POI, the following assumptions were made:

1. Sample size: There is a large sample size for requests, and a significant amount of POIs. This assumption improves the accuracy of the model.

2. Average Distance: The average distance is one of the key factors which dictate the rating of the POI. It reveals the proximity of requests near the area
    and has a direct influence over the ratings.

3. Standard Deviation: With a sufficiently large dataset, it can be assumed that there is a significant number of requests at a distance near the average.
    The outliers are taken into account in the radius calculations, which sets the radius of the "circle" around the POI to be the distance to the farthest
    request. Therefore, it can be claimed that although standard deviation affects other properties of the POI analysis, the value itself can be more or less
    excluded from the rating assignment.

4. Radius: The significance of the value for the radius of the "circle" is most reflected in the density of the requests. As analyzing the radius itself would 
    result in information also retrievable in density, the radius value can be excluded from the rating assignment.

5. Density: As described above, the density value for each POI encompasses information of both the standard deviation as well as the radius. In 
    addition, it is valuable as it gives context to the average distance value. Along with average distance, the density is a key factor in rating assignment.

In popularity.py, the aim of the mathematical model was to provide a relative rating based on the dataset rather than an absolute rating.
As geographical locations have countless factors that make each request unique, it seemed unreasonable to define the "best" and "worst" POIs.
Assuming that there are a large number of POIs, leveraging scores on the average values for distance and density was deemed suitable. Taking 
into account the extreme values and scaling the rest of the values based on where they lied with respect to these extremes allowed a spread
of ratings across different POIs. As the given scale was -10 to 10, the 0 rating was assumed to be neutral; if a POI had average values for 
both density and distance, it would score a value close to 0 -- neither good or bad.

As the model provided is very much a generalization of a much more complex problem, there are factors which need to be taken into consideration.
In examining the different values calculated from the given sample dataset, the possibility of outliers seems very prominent. A linear model may 
fail to accurately portray the popularity of a POI. A possible solution could be to implement a quadratic or logarithmic scale that amplifies the
ranges near the average and compresses the outliers. Such outliers can also be removed from the dataset. 

Including the time stamps may also be of help, as the time of day can be assumed to have an effect on the popularity. 